Hello everyone, I have a video answer today
about water
ask me how much water should i drink
during the day I think you need to drink
as much as the girl wants to write
that at some point it occurred
the restructuring has come to be a lot of water
for him and a half liters per day at the very
It was a little bit of a time when I was
worked night i remember hair three
liter bottle of water I drink everything
tasks for me it was like this
I wanted to finish and she squeezed me here
I wanted to here when thirst is announced
what people say you can't drink during
workout again way to workout up
I believe that training is before the fair
I think you should drink so much
how much do you want to drink at that moment
when you want when you drink you
really make up
enough and carry especially during
training wasted resources during
of what you were doing before maybe you
want to drink they have you need 25 thousand
good lush
mankiewicz have your body asks for water
look in this book described
why does your body need water that
was performed by to
waste it at the expense of water
Considering the fact that we are 80 percent
simple at 8 we create from water this
mean we really need a lot
water so i think what is the way
tells batman health what's needed
do twists today juicy kid
this is bad need to drink water
as much as you want at the same time as
you have to do it you have to yourself
teach you have to adjust yourself to this
you should try for example
try to drink more water
try turning on more almost
glasses of water at what you should not
take that tea from the lessons water turns out
throwing coffee at the water drops it is not water
this is the substance of the boat there is juice
contains preservatives stabilizers
dyes flange or sugar substitute
which you will then dilute with water
you will need to drink water after this
coffee is the same coffee very much
causes drying i really am very
just want a coffee queen sense
love and because i am the same on
in fact you pay attention to this
you must study your body itself
also like in everything you do
must learn what you need
he wants your body your body
listen to learn what
want like this for you
try to add water in the morning stand
you kill a glass of water and exactly you ate
but on time or considered to drink water
it is impossible to do any liquid at all
took meals they are not needed
body when you drink water drink
drink some kind of juice fruit drinks
but it is not at all helpful i suggest you
general study what you eat
I want to have such a day
just write such an article
the product and all the substances that are here
see the internet what they mean
what value do they bring to
the body as they are useful as
no way there is any composition
really liked that gazelle I think that
so do see what you drink
what do you eat at all because water and that
what do they do doing sports young
athlete and therefore continue the city
beat out of the glass okay then eat
you don't you don't drink water when you
diluted with any liquids that
you decide to dilute your meal this
Means you change acidity
gastric juice the more you fill
liquids especially for example water would
add the most cool thing in principle
to open tea with it juice you
diluted this food turns out that you
acidity changes and food is not
the pass
not digested in such a way that
need is obtained in order to
gastric juice digested this food to him
need to increase the acidity of it
it turns out you are indexed development
ulcers and gastritis when to improve by rays
juice and then about digest your
the stomach itself think about it
look follow track and this
feel a sense of still orgy
after taking forgives him maybe
then drink water between meals
Duster can drink water through
hour and a half hours after eating
individual children water is saturated with water until
Reception training sometimes will during
workouts i drink about a liter of water then
eat before the workout europive necessarily
training time and now heaven because
what's an intense workout regimen what
it's impossible to just practice and drink in
this moment because five seconds
break it is unreal to do
and I drink water after training then I eat
then again that is eating a meal
water is different things feel
take try 5 5 glasses of water
day see how it will be for you
try your home with as far as
less you will eat pay for it
Attention
and write to me therefore write by
about what you know about
meals got into trouble over
the fact that you can interfere with one another and I
waiting for your comments and suggestions
is not written about how you want
get on our 3 i congratulate us we
soon we start training which
called super dad he will pass with 21
November to December 2 I will be you
keep reminding it all week about
that I'm waiting for you to register on
your website
elena our feast.